Status Report 1, 10/28/2014
Flying Penguins:
    Zoe Fultz, Bryan Garza, Brandon Halpin, Joshua Titley, Francis Tweedy
Completed:
    1. Symbol Table: Symbol table works but scope has not been added yet.
    2. Error Handler: Basic organization and C code.  Current code compiles and
    runs without error.
    3. Bison Grammar: Grammar and tokens have been added and shift/reduce
    conflicts have been resolved, bison file compliles without errors or
    conflicts.
    4. File Handler: Compiles and functions. More detail about how it will be
    utilized is required in order to complete.
Short Term Goals:
    1. Integrate error handler and file handler into a generic "functions"
    utility file
    2. Expand on symbol table and test more extensively (Step 5)
    3. Implement flex program to send tokens (and attribute values) to parser
    and utilize error handler (Step 6)
    4. Begin developing generic vmq subroutines for use in code generation
    5.
Medium/Long Term Goals:
    1. Integrate symbol table with lex (Step 7)
    2. Fill out parser functionality for syntax checking, no eval (Step 8)
    3.
    4.
Questions:

Other concerns:

Appendix:
/* Please add your personal progress here...
"describe what you have been working on and what you have accomplished on the
project, and what they will be working on in the coming week."
*/

Brandon: I have been collaborating with Zoe on the bison parser. We worked on
adding the BNF Grammar to the bison parser and resolving the 3 shift/reduce
conflicts. Bison file compiles with no errors or conflicts. I plan to work on
the lex tokenizer.

Zoe: As stated above, Brandon and I collaborated on the bison parser. We
originally had 3 shift/reduce conflict that were later resolved. I plan to
work on getting a lex tokenizer to work with the bison parser.

Francis: I will finish the error handler and I plan to work on the lexical
analyzer (Step 6).

Joshua: I have the initializer nearly complete, meeting with Bryan to finalize
what he needs added to complete it.  Have made a few programs in the target
assembly and studied it in detail in order to assist in the translations.

Bryan: Wrote the symbol table code, will add scoping soon, and also test cases
to make sure everything works as intended.
